Hi, I'm Sean, welcome to my new blog! If you don't know who I am, you can visit my 'about' page for a vague idea.

For a while I've been considering setting up a blog since I think it's good to be able to document your thoughts and experiences, just in case someone someday finds them interesting, or even helpful! I'm not sure how interesting or helpful this blog will prove to be, but I suppose it's worth a try. I've been using tumblr for a while, you can find a link to my page there in the footer of this page, but I've never really used it as a formal blog, more for posting photos and reblogging various posts, so I decided to set up a separate blog where I could share my thoughts.

I briefly considered using a service such as Blogger or Wordpress but ultimately decided that I should create my own blog, not only because of the extra control it would allow me but also because it's in the spirit of things, surely a blog focusing on programming and development should be developed by it's author! After first building most of the blog in PHP I discovered [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com), an excellent web framework for Python which I found provided a very elegant and simple solution for my blog, so I decided to start again and build the whole thing using Python and Django.

Since I'm starting university this September studying Computer Science, I thought now would be a good time to start my venture into the world of blogging. I'm going to be writing about what I'm learning, what I'm interested in and what I'm building, as well as general goings-on. You can expect posts about programming, electronics, university (when it starts) and perhaps some other things such as music. If you'd like to know more about me you can visit the aforementioned 'about' page, or click some of the links at the bottom of the page.

So that's it for my first post, hopefully there'll be many more and I won't run out of things to write about too soon!